hey guys um I'm just here to show you
some new ones that I made for my little
cousins they wanted me to make them some
so I did they designed them completely
their design but um I just got them or
whatever just here to show you they're
pretty cool like I think yeah they are
ten eight and six so they're pretty
young and they drew himself so this
probably came out this is the oldest one
and we all have the same color by the
way it seems things so it's kind of a
dark color sounds vile able to my first
time using a dowel I've never used else
it was the first time it's a lot easier
than just using normal wood or bar but
um I don't know I don't like it that
much because you can't really make that
many designs on it or consume your own
creation I guess I kind of like the
bottom part and he have a digital design
squirrel thing that you wanted and you
know I kind of like a nice little hands
to bottom here in Pensacola like that
and that's the way he wanted it and
that's the way you got it and it's
pretty good it's about a well including
this may be 13 inches 13 and then I'm
the second oldest this is that this one
and what you wanted if you wanted a
little bit lighter of a tip and then
dark as it was down and if the city has
this kind of a flossing as you wanted if
you wanted to write splash on it I don't
know if you have to have session with
that so it's a slash and it has a skull
I don't know if you can see it weight
backwards that's one sorry see the skull
there's one over here and one at the
bottom and he wanted open greens and you
want it the letters / and reds and you
wanted the back and read and the rest
same thing who gets lighter to go
through sip I kind of like that a fact I
think I it came out pretty good no
guards and then with lights and
everything like that can I give a tip it
looks kind of like to start sipping one
read as well and that's pretty much it
and this is probably the tallest of the
three and probably 13 and a half because
of the tips here and then the youngest
which I think too much so cute she is
six again and what she wanted she just
wanted a small one it's about ten ten
and a half ten and a half inches and the
designs are like little flowers on the
handle as you can see I think you're
pretty cute you know I like it a lot I
kind of my fav owners a little bit and
you can see little flowers on it and she
didn't want the paint the inside you
want to leave it white like the color of
the extra bells and then it gets a
little bit lighter fit but not too much
not much not so much for contrast like
the other one as to see this was a huge
contrast and this was just totally so I
really like all that something else came
up so cute and she loves it so talks a
lot of classes and it's my brother and
this is actually from trees from a tree
bark so meta del and has a nice little
curve to it and what I first did was
that I kind of just this is suggest the
way it was when I found it and then I
stripped it and then at first I was
little a spiral curve all the way
through sit you can see and I made a
darker inside and lighter on the outside
at first I wanted the opposite like
flight white inside and then starts on
the outside of any economic service and
I kind of like it nice little dark so it
looks you know more red you know it's
not that detailed he wants some other
like scriptures on the side of the hand
which I will do later but i'm just
showing it so far i guess and that's
pretty much that one not that fancy but
it likes it that's the way to detect it
that's the what you wanted um what else
are they going to show you all right if
you guys ever seen the show called
friends if you look at Monica's
apartment there is a little frame on the
door right so I'm making that I still
companion it yet but this is what it is
so far that's it and look something
like this and gotta put that back on
there listen like this and I'm going to
paint it all like a yellow goldich you
know it's cool not metallic for gold and
that's pretty much what it looks like in
Michelle and I really quite came out all
the designs on it and it has a little
flip to the back to kind of put it on
the door to LA and it's made out of
paper mache and play that I cook a bait
sorry and I like that you know pretty
cool that's pretty much it and laugh and
that we as i do i need to gobble I know
this video coming have long but I bought
a adrenaline right and i have been
attached them to kind of burn wood and
burn glass or whatever and my little
sister wanted to I mean my little cousin
one in the brewery tape what kind of
stuff and I wanted to look like you know
that Tim set that they have for the
harry potter thing if you wanted to say
like hogwarts on it and I couldn't get a
cab last ik haat thought having a noble
collection but um I just made as a boss
and there's the Fox took me forever to
get the actual measurement um that's the
boss it holds up for you well not that
big and here is the first part um if you
know pretty good actually you can sing
write the letters didn't come off that
tray at the bottom like I think they did
but like not perfect but it came out
pretty good and she loves it and she's
going to put all her little earrings and
stuff and free slips inside and I really
feel boxed him out because took me
forever to too much a measurement Lee
and six o'clock so maybe later all
through that's the one I look like a
blast and all fan for you to focus like
this but I'm pronounced critical now I
do and that's pretty much right I'm kind
of experimenting Dale Ron I forgot which
user
I saw it from first but um use the Dell
Ron for his wand and I'm kind of you
know trying it I'll it seemed really
weird at the rubbery material but its
people I don't know how it's gonna come
out yet that's pretty much all the water
again the three-foot for not that fancy
but that's the way they want them doing
all the fashion colors that's the only
seen a hat at the time and pretty much
the last one is associate professor two
hours early and thanks for watching good
morning to get it back